Use `mel` watch mode, add React support, update the README (#10)
melange-re/melange-esy-template: README.md

esy
```

to install all dependencies and build the project.

When run, `esy` will (as specified in `esy.json`):

> 1. Generate a symbolically linked dir `bs-platform` in `node_modules`, which is

Reviewer: This should be `melange` on the latest commit. Might need to be updated in the `esy.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate a symbolically linked dir `melange` in `node_modules`, which is
```

Author: Good catch!

   necessary for JavaScript bundlers like Webpack to be able to find Melange

>    stdlib JavaScript files under `node_modules/bs-platform`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   stdlib JavaScript files under `node_modules/melange`.
```
